[All Hosts] (yo office) new overview of the Yeoman generator tool (#3299)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/excel/custom-functions-overview.md

- Defines the namespace for your custom functions. A namespace prepends itself to your custom functions to help customers identify your functions as part of your add-in.
- Uses `<ExtensionPoint>` and `<Resources>` elements that are unique to a custom functions manifest. These elements contain the information about the locations of the JavaScript, JSON, and HTML files.
- Specifies which runtime to use for your custom function. We recommend always using a shared runtime unless you have a specific need for another runtime, because a shared runtime allows for the sharing of data between functions and the task pane.

If you are using the [Yeoman generator for Office Add-ins](../develop/yeoman-generator-overview.md) to create files, we recommend adjusting your manifest to use a shared runtime, as this is not the default for these files. To change your manifest, follow the instructions in [Configure your Excel add-in to use a shared JavaScript runtime](../develop/configure-your-add-in-to-use-a-shared-runtime.md).

> To see a full working manifest from a sample add-in, see [this Github repository](https://github.com/OfficeDev/Office-Add-in-samples/blob/main/Samples/excel-shared-runtime-global-state/manifest.xml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To see a full working manifest from a sample add-in, see the manifest in the [one of our Office Add-in samples Github repositories](https://github.com/OfficeDev/Office-Add-in-samples/blob/main/Samples/excel-shared-runtime-global-state/manifest.xml).
```
